                                                              Article I 13
    (yyy)    “Two-Way Contract” means a Contract between a Two-Way
Player and a Team made in accordance with Article II, Section 11. In the
event that a Two-Way Contract is converted to a Standard NBA Contract
pursuant to the Team’s exercise of its Standard NBA Contract Conversion
Option, the Contract shall no longer be a Two-Way Contract for the
purposes of this Agreement.
    (zzz) “Two-Way List” means the list of players, maintained by the
NBA, who have signed Two-Way Contracts and are eligible to provide
services to an NBADL team in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement.
    (aaaa) “Two-Way Player” means a player under a Two-Way Contract
in accordance with Article II, Section 11.
    (bbbb) “Two-Way Player Salary” means, with respect to any Two-Way
Contract, the Salary called for under Article II, Section 11(a).
    (cccc) “Two-Way Player Conversion Option” means an option in a
Player Contract with an Exhibit 10 in favor of a Team to convert the
Contract to a Two-Way Contract in accordance with Article II, Section
3(q)(ii) and Section 11(i).
    (dddd) “Uniform Player Contract” or “Player Contract” or “Contract”
means the standard form of written agreement between a person and a
Team required for use in the NBA by Article II, pursuant to which such
person is employed by such Team as a professional basketball player.
    (eeee) “Unlikely Bonus” means Incentive Compensation excluded
from a player’s Salary in accordance with Article VII, Section 3(d).
    (ffff) “Unrestricted Free Agent” means a Free Agent who is not
subject to a Team’s right of first refusal.
    (gggg) “Veteran” or “Veteran Player” means a person who has signed
at least one Player Contract with an NBA Team.
    (hhhh) “Veteran Free Agent” means a Veteran who completed his
Player Contract (other than a 10-Day Contract) by rendering the playing
services called for thereunder.

