352     Article XXII
        (3)     Subsequent to the player being referred to a Fitness-to
                Play-Panel, and prior to the Panel’s review of the player’s
                injury, illness or other health condition, the player (on
                behalf of himself, his heirs and assigns) shall be required to
                sign a release and covenant not to sue agreement in the
                form agreed upon by the parties; provided that this
                agreement shall not apply to any claim of medical
                malpractice against a Team-affiliated physician or any
                physician retained by the NBA/NBPA for the medical
                evaluation process.
   (e) In the event that the Fitness-to-Play Panel determines that the
player is medically able and medically fit to play professional basketball
pursuant to the standard in subsection (d) above: (i) the player will be
required to sign an informed consent and assumption of risk agreement in
the form agreed upon by the parties before he is able to play or practice in
the NBA; and (ii) upon satisfying the prior clause, shall be deemed at that
time medically able and fit to play basketball in the NBA and permitted to
do so.
   (f) If the Fitness-to-Play Panel does not determine that the player is
medically able and medically fit to play professional basketball pursuant to
the standard in subsection (d) above, the NBA, a Team, or the Players
Association may again refer the player to the Fitness-to-Play Panel
beginning on the later of the first day of the Season that begins
immediately following the date on which the Panel issued its report or nine
(9) months after such date. The party making such referral must have
been advised in writing by a physician that there have been materially
changed circumstances since the Panel issued its report (e.g., medical
advances or a material change in the player’s medical condition) such that
the Panel should reconsider its determination. If a player is referred under
this subsection (f), the Fitness-to-Play Panel shall be comprised of the
same members that reviewed and determined the player’s initial referral,
provided that the physicians on such panel are available.
   (g) Nothing in this Section 11 shall obligate a Team to permit a player
to play or practice for the Team, even if a Fitness-to-Play Panel determines
that the player is medically able to do so. If the Team disagrees with the
Fitness-to-Play Panel’s conclusion and refuses to permit the player to play
and practice with the Team due to the injury, illness, or other health

